clarify .exe file in cloud cli instructions (#5348)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/cloud-cli-installation.md

:::info

> Advanced users can configure multiple projects to use the same dbt Cloud CLI by placing the executable file (`.exe`) in the "Program Files" folder, [adding it to their Windows PATH environment variable](https://medium.com/@kevinmarkvi/how-to-add-executables-to-your-path-in-windows-5ffa4ce61a53), and saving it where needed. 

Reviewer: sugg: construct as a list (vs v long sentence) for better scannability

```suggestion
Advanced users can configure multiple projects to use the same dbt Cloud CLI by:

 1. Placing the executable file (`.exe`) in the "Program Files" folder
 2. [Adding it to their Windows PATH environment variable](https://medium.com/@kevinmarkvi/how-to-add-executables-to-your-path-in-windows-5ffa4ce61a53)
 3. Saving it where needed
```
